Wow! And I thought this class was about databases. This topic is bordering on psychology, I love it.

This link here https://youtu.be/R43JLgQJWtY is a Ted Talk from Dylan Huey. While he was in high school he was bullie and didn't feel like it fit in. Huey says that social media saved his life as he was able to show the world who he was without having to put on a mask. He talks about how it is easier for him to live stream than it is for him to stand on stage to give the talk. Now he has a big social media community and it seems to help adolesents in a trying time in their life.

Here is a Washington Post interview of Chamath Palihapitiya the former vice president of Facebook. 
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2017/12/12/former-facebook-vp-says-social-media-is-destroying-society-with-dopamine-driven-feedback-loops/
In the interview he says Facebook, and by extention all social media, is tearing out our society today. Palihapitiya says that in the back of his mind he knew that they were creating a monster. He uses science to back up his claims that social media an addiction that is plaquing us. There is an embedded video on the page that is an interview with him at Stanford Business School. Honestly I think that both the Washington Post article and the video try to down play the strong feelings Palihapitiya has about this issue. 

Okay, is social media something worth using? In my opion, no. In both the posive and the negative stories I see a common thread, social media preying on the ego, and body chemistry, of an individual. Yes, some use it to help them and others. But I would argue if the are really helping eachother. The social media is still keeping them from making real connections with people. It reminds me of a show I saw when I was in my earily teen years. It was a Cinemax show about phone sex, and yes I was a young impressionable at the time. Anyway, the show went as you would think it would for a Cinemax show about two people participating in phone sex. Point is that at the end of the show the two meet after building a relationship over a time of every night on the phone together. Thing is, they didn't know how to interact with eachother in person. The virtual relationship as tworn at the base of the in person relationship. And of course it being Cinemax, the closing scene was of them in bad, on the extrem edges, on the phone with eachother. 

Honestly, I feel what I see for the future. In person relationships are going to be so difficult that some will op for virtual. The birth rate will decease, the age of the work force will increase, and we will have a society of socially broken people. 

Jeffrey, you are spot on man. I didn't bring up this issue of privacy 
